---
author:
  display_name: Dylan
  email: dylan@dylanreed.com
  login: dylan
  url: /
author_email: dylan@dylanreed.com
author_login: dylan
author_url: /
categories:
- Awesome
comments: []
date: "2003-10-06T09:01:40Z"
date_gmt: 2003-10-06 15:01:40 -0500
excerpt: |
  Emoticons rock. So I am back to school today, and what a fun day it is. Today so far I have learned about learning, specifically language. I found out today that if you are a taught a second language between the ages of 0 and 7 years you will rock at both that language and your natural language. This includes sign language. I wish I would have learned a second language when I was young. Especially since studies by Newport have shown a link to better school performance and those who learn a second language when they are young. Isn't it great how psychollogy lets you blame everything on when you where younger and therefore on you parents. Maybe if I had learned another language when I was young I wouldn't have to use spell check when ever I do an entry.
published: true
status: publish
tags: []
title: Monday :(
wordpress_id: 69
wordpress_url: http://dylanreed.org/?p=69
---

Emoticons rock. So I am back to school today, and what a fun day it is. Today so far I have learned about learning, specifically language. I found out today that if you are a taught a second language between the ages of 0 and 7 years you will rock at both that language and your natural language. This includes sign language. I wish I would have learned a second language when I was young. Especially since studies by Newport have shown a link to better school performance and those who learn a second language when they are young. Isn't it great how psychollogy lets you blame everything on when you where younger and therefore on you parents. Maybe if I had learned another language when I was young I wouldn't have to use spell check when ever I do an entry.  
  
Emoticons rock. So i am back to school today, and what a fun day it is. Today sofar i have learned about learning. Specifically language. I found out today that if you are a taught a second language between the ages of 0 and 7 years you will rock at both that language and your natural language. this includes sign language. I wish i would have learned a second language when i was young. Especially since studies by Newport have shown a link to better school performance and those who learn a second language when they are young. Isn't it great how psychollogy lets you blame everything on when you where younger and therefore on you parents. maybe if i had learned another language when i was young i wouldn't have to use spell check when ever i do an entry
