---

layout: post
title:  "The Beginning: Part 3"
date:   2014-04-21 07:34:05
categories: story correspondent
---

Falling ten stories takes longer than you think. I had plenty of time to think as a fell. I noticed that it had started to rain. I wondered who would feed my cat. I then realized that I didn't have a cat. I noticed how the strap of my bag dug into my shoulder. The strap. Oh Cora you are such an idiot. I quickly took my bag off my shoulder and swung it at the retreating rail of the fire escape. It caught and promptly slammed me into the wall of the building. Which in the grand scheme of things is better then slamming into the ground. Hitting a brick wall still sucks though and I was going to feel the individual bricks in the morning, for now though I needed to get myself to safety. 

I scrambled over to the fire escape, ignoring my injuries. Blood streamed down my face as I clamored over the rail and pushed myself against the wall. I looked up and froze. There was a man looking out the window I had just leapt through. He wasn't looking straight down which was the only reason he hadn't spotted me. I quietly untangled the shoulder strap of my bag, made sure I still had Bessie and slunk down the fire escape. I heard no cries that I had been seen and crept home to nurse my wounds. Hopefully the picture I took would help me find out what the hell is going on. Home is a shitty basement apartment. It is in a house near the college so my upstairs roommates change every year. I like to think that this helps keep my identity secret since I don't really get to know my roommates. You enter right into my living room after going down a flight of stairs. The light sucks down here but as far as caves go it is pretty sweet. One of the walls is even made out of stacked stone, which adds to the ambiance. My living room consists of a really nice thrift store couch. It is super comfortable and only smells like pee a little bit which makes it special. My kitchen is small and barely functions. But I can nuke a burrito as well as anyone so it works for me. My bedroom is through the only other door in the living room. It has a mattress, not from a thrift store because, you know, bed bugs. The rest of my bedroom is bare. Every cent I have goes into becoming a better superhero. As my last encounter showed I need more practice. Since I am bad a laundry I also have piles of laundry in my room all the time. I have found that not doing laundry is about as easy as doing it so why bother. What makes this apartment special is that there is an extra room. It is all concrete; floors and walls. I added the soundproofing to the ceiling and it is my secret base. I have done everything I can to hide it. I even put bookshelves and a bookcase door to hide the entrance. I call it the Alcove. The Alcove is my sanctuary. Inside I have a computer, a couple of screens and a pile of catalogs for super-stuff. I spend most of my time in the Alcove. I have a fancy case for holding my suit. After a week of heroing I realized that super suits smell bad after just a day of use. Sure most of the suit is a rubber-kevlar blend that is easy to clean but it still holds sweat. This fancy case for holding my suit is a commercial sanitizer like what they use in restaurants to sanitize dishes. I peel out of my suit and toss it in and push go. I slip into my research clothes, or what most people call a robe, and sit at my computer to do some research. None of the books tell you that most of the work for being a hero is really mind-numbingly boring. I like internet research as much as the next person but honestly searching for weird high-tech dog collars on line is just going to lead down a path of the internet that you don't want to go. I came up with nothing on my search. If only I had been able to get my hands on the device and bring it home with me. Then I could have fiddled with it and maybe figured something out. More likely I would have shocked myself. I have read numerous articles in the hero trade magazine, U-Hero, that having a keen analytical mind is an important part of being a hero. Alas I have yet to develop mine. I have a really good memory and do oke reading people but am not always good at figuring things out. So far it hasn't been a big problem since most of the baddies I have fought are simple thieves who couldn't fight their way out of a paper bag. This last guy was different. He hit hard and fast. If I had stuck around I probably would have ended up getting hit by something worse then a brick wall. Also the mysterious gun toting gut really threw off my game. I hate guns. They hurt, or so I have been lead to believe, and I hate getting hurt. I was worried because I hadn't seen the guy and whoever it was got the drop on me. Only my swift and potentially suicidal leap out the window had saved me. As I always did when stumped I started to browse the Acme Hero Company website. They had just released the Mark 2 version of the Grapple 3000. This was a tool I had been ogling for a long time. Would have potentially saved my ass tonight. Knowing that it was way out of my price range I added it to my cart wishfully knowing that I would have to remove it later if I could ever bought anything else. That got me thinking about my real job that started in about 6 hours. If I was going to continue to live my dream of being a hero I would need to hit the hay and make money. They never talk about how being a hero doesn't pay. 
