---

layout: post
title:  "The Beginning: Part 4"
date:   2014-04-28 07:34:05
categories: story correspondent
---

As anyone can tell you getting into shape is hard. I used to be buff. I took dance and gymnastics when I was younger. A lot younger. The skills I learned have helped me out in my journey to be a hero but getting back into shape was hard. I liked cake more then I liked exercise and it showed. But I now had a reason to get into shape: Saving the day. I went back to the gym and listened to what the trainer said. I worked out five days a week for the three to six week delivery window and I started being able to take the stairs without getting winded. I didn't see my gut receding, which is good since I ordered the suit to fit, but I noticed I had muscles again. I also felt less conscious of people watching me struggle on the treadmill. The day my suit arrived was amazing. I had opted for a few options during the design process that I was excited for. I upgraded the protective pads to be ballistic so I wouldn't get killed if I was shot in a vital area. I also opted for a full cowl instead of just a domino mask. I was always the kid who wore a helmet when riding my bike and jumping along rooftops struck me as being just as dangerous. The problem with a full cowl is what do you do with your hair? If I tuck it into the cowl it will make it fit weird and be uncomfortable. I also worried about someone using it against me if it is flopping around all willy-nilly The nice people making the costume convinced me to go with a small hole to feed a ponytail through saying that it is harder to grab a pony tail then one would think. Also when worried about getting shot having your hair pulled seems to be a minor concern. The box that everything came in was a giant wooden crate. I was able to muscle it into my house and tore it open. I had procured a crowbar for just this purpose and attacked it like a shark in a feeding frenzy. Needless to say packing peanuts ended up everywhere. My suit was as awesome as I thought it was going to be. Of course I immediately put it on and stood around flexing. I had also ordered a custom utility belt solution. Most heroes used belts to store gadgets and what not. The problem is that the normal belt only holds the expensive mini devices which I could not afford. I have always prided myself on being different than your average gal so I decided that I would have a utility messenger bag. This worked double duty as my heroing bag and a great place to stash my normal clothes when I had to change in a hurry. I had gotten a few standard gadgets but most of what I had was the hero apps on my phone. These apps were made to work with any of the smart phones out there. I couldn't afford any of the hacking apps or cloning apps but I did get the fingerprint app, the analysis app and a tracking app. The tracking app was cool because it was paired with little wafer thin trackers. You stuck one of these on a car or criminal or whatever and it gave you their location using various cell towers around the city. Of course I couldn't wait to try my hand at this heroing business. I put on my suit, loaded up my bag and went out on patrol . Patrolling is as boring as it sounds. I walked around the alleys and looked for trouble. I opened up the police scanner app and didn't hear anything interesting. Lame. I decided to just head home and try again tomorrow. 
