---

layout: post
title: "Business: Part 2"
date: "2014-05-30 18:20:05"
categories: story correspondent
---

My patrols continued to be uneventful for weeks. I tried different times of night, different neighborhoods and even patrolling during the day. Mostly I got a lot of strange looks. I got sweared at often and became known as the costumed weirdo in the neighborhood. That all a changed one day. 

I saw a child being snatched from the sidewalk as I was walking down an alley. A black van pulled up and two huge muscle bound guys hopped out, grabbed the kid and hopped back into the van. I started running towards them. There was no way I was going to make it in time to stop them. I reached into my bag grabbed a tracking device and, after saying a quick prayer to the hero gods, threw it will my might. It hit and stuck. I stopped running and faded into the shadows. Mostly I was winded and needed to stop running or I would have thrown up. I grabbed my phone and pulled up the tracker app. It asked which tracker I needed to track. Shit. I quickly went through the remaining trackers and figured out it was number seven. Entering that in I started to get pings from the tracker. Following the tracker would be easy but I needed to get a move on. This is why heroes all have cool cars. Walking places sucks. I couldn't use my own car because it was a piece of crap and it was fairly well known in the neighborhood since everyone at some point had helped push start it. I started jogging hoping that they wouldn't go far. The phone directed me into a group of apartment buildings. Grouped through out this part of town were thirty or forty identical six-plexes. I walked behind the building as I got closer to the tracker. As I came to a gap between the buildings I saw the van. The van was pitch black. The windows were tinted so dark and the lenses of all the lights were blacked out. It looked evil. I approched with caution. I didn't see any people anywhere. It was quiet. I wondered which building they had gone in. I hoped it was the one they parked in front of because that would make it easier. I skirted the edge of the building and took one more glance around. I didn't see anyone so I dashed to the van. Looking in the window I saw nothing. the window had been blacked out from the inside. I worked my way to the drivers side window and didn't see anything moving inside. I headed to the building that the van was parked in front of. 
