---

layout: post
title:  "Business: Part 1"
date:   2014-05-05 07:34:05
categories: story correspondent
---

I have learned to live with sleep deprivation, in fact it has become a staple of my hero career. That and explaining random bruises. When I first started working at the bank I am pretty sure that everyone thought I was in an abusive relationship until the realized that I had no one at home to abuse me. After a while they stopped asking. I have often wondered what they think I do at night that leaves me battered and bruised. Thanks to slamming myself into a wall I was moving a little slower then usual. Also I had a nice raccoon mask of a bruise on my face. Awesome. As always my manager Lindsay was waiting for me. Lindsay was overweight and seemed to be proud of it. I think her doctor diagnosed her as obese and she has taken that to mean she can eat whatever she wants. Judging from her stained blouse today that meant chili cheese fritos for breakfast. "Look what the cat dragged in," she said as I entered the bank. "Hi, Linds." She hates being called Linds. She glared at me through her squinty little pig eyes. "You are on station six today." She turned and flounced back to her office. Like most banks the management was kept in fish bowl offices. One huge pane of glass allowed her to make sure we weren't stealing money. I headed back to the vault to grab my drawer and said hi to the few tellers who were there. It was a lite group this morning. Two in the drive up and two up front. The other girl in front with me was Stacy. Stacy was about a million years old. The rumor was that she came with the building. She had been a teller for about 35 years and was waiting for some reason to retire. She was also nice to me. I helped Stacy carry her drawer to station one, which had been her station forever, and then headed to my station. Setting up for another day of counting money out to people much richer than I always put things into perspective: I needed to figure out how to be one of the rich heroes I have heard about. It was a long day. What I had forgotten when I started the day is that it was the fifteenth. Which meant payday. And it was a Friday, double trouble. This meant there was a line out the door. There were a few more tellers now and we were making our way through the line at a good clip. I was counting back someones money when I heard a scream and a crash. I looked up and saw one of our customers flying across the room and crashing into one of the fish bowl offices. Looking in the direction he flew from I saw two hulking brutes wearing collars flanking a small man in an all black spandex outfit. He had on a shiny silver helmet that covered his head and looked like a bullet. He had two guns in his belt and was strutting towards the counter. In his hand he had a weird looking silver device with a red button on the top. His thumb approached the button and I ducked behind the counter. WHOOSH! I felt an impact against the counter. I noticed the tellers beside me drop to the ground unconscious. I started pulling off my clothes(my costume was on underneath) and reached into my bag and grabbed my mask. Stuffing the mask on my head forcing my hair through the special hole and prepared myself. I was a little freaked out. I had never really encountered a super villain and this guy looked serious. Plus he had guns, and I hate guns. I don't like being shot at and I fear getting shot more then any other possible demise. But this is what I signed up for. I wanted to be a hero and fight the good fight and that meant knocking this guy out and stopping whatever he was planning. I slipped my bag over my shoulder and regretted leaving Bessie at home. Sure carrying a baseball bat into work would have seemed strange but it sure would have been handy. I glanced over the counter, careful to remain unseen, and the dude in the spandex was gone. The two brutish fellows were just meandering about grunting. What weirdos. It was now or never. 
