---

layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: New Sites
author:
  display_name: Dylan
  login: dylan
  email: dylan@dylanreed.com
  url: /
author_login: dylan
author_email: dylan@dylanreed.com
author_url: /
date: '2015-12-07 06:30:54 -0600'
date_gmt: '2015-12-07 13:30:54 -0600'
categories:
- Awesome
tags:
- Projects
- writing
comments: []
---
You may have noticed that things have changed around here. I, in my infinite wisdom, decided I need to divide things up a little bit. As I attempt to write more and possibly sell those writings I felt like I needed a place to just write whatever. So that is here. 

I moved all of my posts from dylanreed.com (I of course mean that Harper did this) and will be blogging here from now on. Dylanreed.com will become a more professional type site that will hopefully lead to people buying my books. I thought having a author like presence on the web would be good since there is an erotic fiction writer name Dylan Reed on Amazon, who is much more prolific then I. 

I have also decided that it is time to really focus on writing. I currently have momentum in my daily writing so the trick will be keeping it. This is a common problem for me, I get momentum and then peter out as time goes on. There was a time where I blogged everyday, it was fun and hard at the same time. I would like to get back into that. 

Part of this is trying to get paid for this. I have given up on ads. This blog is never consistent with content, I write about what I want when I want, so ads that were served were always dumb. So instead I am going to try out [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/dylanreed). I have done my best to come up with fun rewards but honestly I just want people to join if they are interested in what I am writing. 

I am also using jekyll for both websites which means for now there will be no comments. On the plus side jekyll is super slick and easy to use. I have been able to rebuild [dylanreed.com](http://www.dylanreed.com) to by an author site. Oh and The Three Fs is currently on promotion for free on the site.

Another thing I am going to be doing is not posting as readily on medium. I will instead post writing here. I may cross post to medium if I can figure out an easy way to do that.  



