_drafts/2017-03-01-February.markdown, before:

---

layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: February 2017
author:
  display_name: Dylan
  login: dylan
  email: dylan@dylanreed.com
  url: /
author_login: dylan
author_email: dylan@dylanreed.com
author_url: /
date: '2017-03-01 10:10:00 -0600'
date_gmt: '2017-03-01 10:10:00 -0600'
categories:
- Awesome
- writing
tags: []
comments:

---
![Ramona on her yellow footstool.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dylanreed/dylanreed.com/gh-pages/Images/February.jpg)

<h4>Writing</h4>
This month started out super well for writing. I started the next series on [Acme Hero Inc.](http://acmeheroinc.com) I also started editing Calliope (hopefully for the final time). My Nano book for 2016 has been sitting unread for the last two months. TWO MONTHS!!! and I haven't touched it. It has been a struggle and I am thinking that I am going to try and make it until March before I read it. 

<h4>Books</h4>
![February Books](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dylanreed/dylanreed.com/gh-pages/Images/feb-books.jpg)
I read: Shades of Milk and Honey, Partials, Six Gun Tarot, Lock In, I Was Here, I Am Not A Serial Killer, Chew Vol. 12 and The Goblin Emperor. Phew. That is a lot of reading. I am seven books through my sixty book yearly goal. 

<h4>Life</h4>
2017 started out so well. I mean, aside from the whole Trump thing, things were looking up. My coworker was back from maternity leave and work was getting more fun. 

But then my dad got sick. An infection that spread forcing him to endure multiple surgeries and wound care. Needless to say this kicked my ass. I have been known to be emotional and when someone I love is injured or sick I do not handle it well. 

My dad getting sick got me thinking about when Sarah was sick and what a hard time I had dealing with that. It drug up a lot of emotions and stopped me from producing. I wasn't writing or sewing, just sitting around. 

<h4>Projects</h4>
The Bow Tie Project is going great. I am still enjoying making bow ties and am learning a lot about how to make them. There are so many fabrics I am looking forward to making and I can't wait to share them with you here. 

And drawing is back. I started doodling during inktober and have remembered how much I love drawing. And because I don't have enough projects going I think I will start posting more of my drawings. 

I have also started blogging a lot more. Weekly posts, bow tie project, book reviews and a monthly post. So much blogging, and now it is at dylan.blog, which is awesome. 


Don't forget that you can support my writing efforts on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/dylanreed)

Commit message:

Image upload and Feb post

_drafts/2017-03-01-February.markdown, after:

---

layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: February 2017
author:
  display_name: Dylan
  login: dylan
  email: dylan@dylanreed.com
  url: /
author_login: dylan
author_email: dylan@dylanreed.com
author_url: /
date: '2017-03-01 10:10:00 -0600'
date_gmt: '2017-03-01 10:10:00 -0600'
categories:
- Awesome
- writing
tags: []
comments:

---
![Why does no one want this chair?](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dylanreed/dylanreed.com/gh-pages/Images/February.jpg)

<h4>Writing</h4>

Writing has been weird this month. I am trying to finish a novella that doesn't want to be finished. The problem is that I didn't plan out very well and am having a problem getting to the end. I know where the end is, but I don't know if I can get there. I am also debating just killing the whole thing and putting it in the idea recycler. 

The Correspondent is going strong. I have a lot planned out and I am writing about a month ahead. Yay for being ahead. 

Editing Calliope and the Living Biologic and Rio Borealis is going slow. I am not a very motivated editor and I need to spend some time focusing on them both in March. 

<h4>Books</h4>
![February Books](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dylanreed/dylanreed.com/gh-pages/Images/feb-books.png)

I read fewer books, but I read longer books. Kind of. Actually only one was incredibly long, but they were all good. I am now ahead of my reading goal for the year, which means I can focus more energy on other projects and not worry about falling behind. 

<h4>Life</h4>
I am another year older now. Or at least that is what my birthday told me. One of the best parts about getting older is that your body starts to do weird things. Like pooping blood. Read all about it [here](https://medium.com/@dylanreed/the-time-i-pooped-blood-599c9cbe0432#.o6azwx7et). It hasn't been horrible but my brain can't stop assuming that it will be something horrible. 

<h4>Projects</h4>
The Bow Tie Project is going great. I think I have perfected my patterns and am starting to pick up some speed while making a tie. I am working ahead so that when I lose steam I won't run out of bow ties. It is also time to start making bow ties for other people. Here is the [form](http://dylan.la/2j1ogU3) if you are interested in getting one. 

Harper got me a subscription to sketchbox for my birthday. This will force me to draw more and to play with other mediums besides just pencil. I also got colored leads for my Kweco lead holder so that will add some fun to my pencil drawing.  

And, because I needed something else to do, I started learning to play the Ukulele. I am using Yousician to learn and having a pretty good time. My fingertips are killing me but I find the act of strumming and practicing to be very relaxing. 

Don't forget that you can support my writing efforts on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/dylanreed)
